Next we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 5 21 to 43.
The section heading is: A woman is healed as Yeshua goes to help a dying girl.


When Yeshua had crossed in the boat to the other side of the lake, a large crowd of people came out to the lake edge to see him. A religious leader named Jairus came out, and when he found Yeshua he fell down at his feet and pleaded, “My young daughter is critical and just hanging on for you to come and touch her so that she can be healed and live.”

So Yeshua went off with Jairus. The large crowd followed also and many were getting pressed against Yeshua.

Then a woman came who had been losing blood for twelve years and who had endured much under various doctors despite spending everything she had. After all that, she'd ended up even worse, but when she heard about what Yeshua had been doing, she worked her way through the crowd to the back of Yeshua and touched his clothes, because she had told herself, “If I could even just touch his clothes, I would be healed.”

And immediately the bleeding stopped and she knew that she had been healed. Immediately also, Yeshua knew that power had gone out of him, and he turned back towards the crowd and said, “Who touched my clothes?”

But his followers said, “You can see all the people that were pressing on you so why would you ask who touched you?”

But Yeshua was still looking around to see who had done it. And the woman, scared and shaking because of what was happening, came and fell down in front of Yeshua and told him the whole story. Yeshua said, “Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in peace and full health.”

While he was still speaking, messengers came from Jairus' house to tell him, “Your daughter has died. Why bother the teacher any more?”

But Yeshua overheard them telling this to the leader and told him, “Don't be afraid—keep believing.” And Yeshua didn't allow anyone to accompany him other than Peter, and Yacob and his brother, Yohan. As they approached Jairus' house, Yeshua saw a big commotion with lots of crying and yelling going on. As he entered, he said, “Why are you all crying in distress? The child hasn't died—she's just sleeping!”

But they just ridiculed Yeshua. So he sent them all outside, just taking the father and mother of the child, along with three with him. He went in where the girl was and taking her hand, he said, “Young woman, I tell you: get up!” Immediately she got up and walked around. And everyone marvelled at the amazing thing that had happened. (She was twelve years old.) Yeshua repeatedly told them to keep this to themselves, and added that they should give her something to eat.


That reading was from Mark 5 21 to 43. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

