Today we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 13 3 to 13.
The section heading is: Yeshua talks about coming hardships.


Later when they were over on the Mount of Olives overlooking the temple, Peter and Yacob and Yohan and Andrew were with Yeshua and asked when all this destruction would happen, and what indications there would be that it would be about to happen.

So Yeshua told them, “Be careful so you aren't misled by others. Plenty of people will say that they're coming because they were sent by me, or that they are me, and they'll mislead many others. And whenever you hear about wars or about battles about to begin, don't be worried—those things will certainly happen, but there's more to follow. Countries will take up arms against other countries, and kingdoms against other kingdoms. There'll be earthquakes in many places and there'll be famines, but those will be just like the beginning of birth pains.

“So be careful. You'll be turned over to local councils for questioning, will be whipped in the religious meeting halls, and will be stood in front of governors and kings because of following me. But you'll be able to present your life stories to them and it's right that the good news first be proclaimed to every people group. But whenever they bring you along to hand you over, don't worry in advance about what you're going to say to defend yourselves, but wait until the hearing proceeds and speak what you are given then, because then it won't be you speaking, but God's spirit. In those times, a brother will report on his brother to have him executed, and a father report on his child, and children will be encouraged to report on their own parents and then they'll be executed as a result. And every one will hate you all because they hate my name, but anyone who endures to the end will be saved.


That reading was from Mark 13 3 to 13. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

