Now we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 9 14 to 29.
The section heading is: Yeshua drives out a stubborn demon.


When they got back to his other followers, Yeshua saw that they were surrounded by a large crowd and the religious teachers were debating with them. The crowd were very surprised when they noticed Yeshua and came running to greet him. He asked them, “What were you all talking about?”

One of the people answered, “Teacher, I brought my son here—he has a demon that prevents him from speaking. Whenever it takes hold of him, it attacks him and he starts foaming at the mouth and grating his teeth and his joints lock up. I tried to get your followers to command it to leave but they couldn't.”

Yeshua replied, “You are a faithless generation. How much longer will I have to be here? How much longer can I tolerate you all? Bring him here.” So they brought the boy to him. When he saw Yeshua, the demon immediately caused him to have convulsions and fall on the ground—rolling over and foaming at the mouth.

Yeshua asked his father, “How long has this been happening?”

“Since he was small,” he replied, “and often it throws him into the fire or into water to try to destroy him. But if you feel sorry for us and can do it, please help us.”

Yeshua asked him, “If I can? A person who believes can do anything.”

The boys father cried out, “I do believe—help me to fight unbelief.”

Then Yeshua noticing that a big crowd was quickly forming, scolded the evil spirit, “You spirit who causes muteness and deafness. Leave this boy now and never return to him.”

There was yelling and strong convulsions, and then the demon left him and the boy lay still as if dead, and many people thought he was. But Yeshua took his hand and lifted it, and the boy got up.

When Yeshua and his apprentices had gone into the house by themselves, they asked him, “How come we couldn't drive it out?”

He replied, “This kind will only leave after prayer and fasting.”


That reading was from Mark 9 14 to 29. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

