Next we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 10 17 to 31.
The section heading is: Leaving behind everything to be saved.


One time when Yeshua was starting out on a trip, a man caught up to him and kneeling down in front of him asked, “Good teacher, what do I have to do to inherit eternal life?”

He answered, “Why do you call me good? No person is good—only God is. You know God's commands: don't murder, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't lie about others, don't defraud others, and honour your parents.”

The man responded, “I've kept all of those since I was young.”

Yeshua looked up at him with genuine love and said, “There's one thing still to be done: sell everything you have and give the money to the poor—then you'll have wealth in heaven. After that, come and follow me.” But the man grew very sad when he heard this, because he owned many properties.

Yeshua looked around at his followers, “It's so difficult for wealthy people to enter God's kingdom.”

(His followers were a bit stunned at his teaching.) Yeshua continued, “Yes, it's certainly difficult to enter into God's kingdom. It's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter God's kingdom.”

Now they were totally stunned, asking, “How can anyone possibly be saved then?”

Yeshua looked intently at them, “Yes, humanly it's quite impossible. But with God it's different—God can do anything!”

Peter said, “We left everything and came and followed you.”

He answered, “Yes I can assure you all that anyone who left their home or farm, and left their siblings or parents or children because of me and my teaching, they'll be rewarded one hundred times over with homes and farms and siblings and parents and children along with persecution, but gaining eternal life in the next era. But many at the top now will be at the bottom then, and many at the bottom now will be blessed then.”


That reading was from Mark 10 17 to 31. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

