Today we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 6 14 to 29.
The section heading is: The execution of Yohan-the-immerser.


Yeshua was now becoming well known and King Herod Antipas heard about him. He thought that maybe Yohan-the-immerser had come back to life and that's why he was able to do miracles.

But others thought it was the promised return of Eliyah, and yet others thought he must be another prophet like the ones in the Scriptures.

But hearing about Yeshua, Herod was telling people, “That Yohan who I had beheaded, he must have come back to life!” Because Herod himself had had Yohan arrested and put in prison because he had married Herodias, his brother Philip's wife. Yohan had been telling him that it was wrong for him to marry his brother's wife, and so Herodias resented him enough to want to kill him, but Herod hadn't be able to because he respected Yohan as a righteous and holy teacher and so he kept him alive. He often enjoyed hearing from Yohan and thought a lot about what he said.

However, an opportunity came at Herod's birthday celebration, when he threw a feast for his top officials and generals and for the leaders in Galilee. The daughter of Herodias came in and danced for them, and the king and his party guests all enjoyed it. So the king said to the young woman, “Just ask me for anything and I'll give it to you.” And he made an oath, “Even if you asked for half of my kingdom, I'd give it to you!”

So she went out and asked her mother what she should ask for. Her mother told her that she should ask for Yohan's head.

So going back into the party, she said seriously to the king, “I would like the head of Yohan-the-immerser on a plate!”

The king was really upset with that, but because he had made loud oaths in front of all his guests, he couldn't say no. So he ordered an executioner to go out and return with Yohan's head. He went off and beheaded him in the prison and brought the head into the party on a plate and gave it to the girl, and she gave it to her mother. When Yohan's followers heard about this, they came and fetched his body and put it into a tomb.


That reading was from Mark 6 14 to 29. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

