Next we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 6 30 to 44.
The section heading is: Yeshua feeds 5,000 people.


Now the apprentices who had been sent out returned back to Yeshua and they reported back everything they had done and what they had been teaching people. Then he told them, “Let's just all of us head for a quiet place and take a break.” This was because there were so many people always coming and going, and sometimes they didn't even have a chance to eat. So they went by boat away to a quiet place by themselves.

But people from towns all around had seen them going and recognised who they were, so they ran around the lake on foot and got there ahead of them. So when Yeshua got out of the boat, he saw a big crowd and felt sorry for them because they seemed like sheep without a shepherd, so he started teaching them many things. Then, when it was already getting late, his apprentices came up and said, “This place is pretty isolated and it's already late. Send these people off now so they can go to the nearby settlements and villages and buy themselves something to eat.”

But Yeshua answered them, “You give them something to eat.”

They complained, “If we go, should we buy several months wages worth of bread so we can give all of them something to eat?”

But he asked, “Go and find out how much bread you have.”

When they'd found out they said, “Five buns and two fish.”

Yeshua told all the people to line up in rows and sit down on the green grass. So they sat down in rows of fifty to a hundred. Then holding the five buns and two fish, he looking up to the sky and blessed God, and then broke up the buns and gave pieces to his apprentices so they could do likewise to the people, and he also divided up the two fish, and all the people ate and were satisfied. Then they collected the leftover pieces of bread, filling twelve baskets, as well as the leftover pieces of fish. And the headcount of men who ate that evening was five thousand.


That reading was from Mark 6 30 to 44. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

