Now we have a reading of a section from the Open English Translation of the bible, reading from the Readers Version Mark 14 53 to 65.
The section heading is: The mock trial where Yeshua is sentenced to death.


The guards led Yeshua away to the chief priest's residence, and all the chief priests and the elders and the religious teachers gathered there also. Peter followed along from a distance and went in as far as the courtyard of the residence where he joined the servants who were sitting around the fire keeping warm. Inside, the chief priests and all the council were trying to establish a case against Yeshua so he could be sentenced to death, but they weren't coming up with anything. Several people were making up charges against him, but none of the accusers' stories agreed with each other.

Eventually some of them stood up and offered this false charge: “We heard him say that he would demolish this temple made by many labourers, and within three days he'd build another one without any helpers.” But even then, they couldn't get their accusations to align with each other.

Nevertheless the chief priest in the middle of the council stood up and asked Yeshua, “Aren't you going to defend yourself? These men are accusing you of these things.”

But Yeshua didn't say anything. So the chief priest asked again, “Is it true that you're the chosen one that God promised to send—the son of the blessed God?”

Yeshua replied, “I am. And you will all see humanity's child sitting in the honoured position by the powerful God and coming through the clouds in the sky.”

Then the chief priest tore his own robe to show his disgust and shouted, “We certainly don't need any more witnesses now! You yourselves all heard him insult God. What sentence does that deserve?”

So the leaders there agreed that Yeshua needed to be sentenced to death.

Then various people started spitting on him, and blindfolding him and beating him saying, “Ha, tell us who that was!” Even the servants joined in to slap him.


That reading was from Mark 14 53 to 65. Learn more about the Open English Translation online at O E T dot Bible.

